# Doctoral-Thesis
Author: Shai Israel.

**This repository includes all the video clips referenced in the Ph.D. dissertation of Shai Israel along with their corresponding captions (below).**


**Chapter 2:**

**Video 2.1:** Differential odor-induced backward locomotion. Example of w1118 responses to ACV (left), GA (middle) and 2-butanone (right).

**Video 2.2:** Differential odor-induced backward locomotion of starved flies. Example of starved w1118 responses to ACV (left) and 2-butanone (right).

**Video 2.3:** Backward locomotion following optogenetic activation of GH146II-GAL4. Example of backward locomotion following a 2-s blue light (470 nm) pulse in flies carrying GH146II-GAL4 and UAS-ChR2-XXM.

**Video 2.4:** GH146II-GAL4-induced, MDN-independent, backward locomotion.  Left, example of the efficiency of TNT in silencing MDNs. The VT50660-GAL4 (MDNs) driver was used to drive UAS-CsChrimson, and the VT44845-LexA (MDN-LexA) was used to drive LexAop-TNT. Right, example of residual backward locomotion generated by activation of GH146II-GAL4 with UAS-CsChrimson while VT44845-LexA (MDN-LexA) driving LexAop-TNT was used to silence MDNs. 

**Video 2.5:** GH146II-GAL4 VNC neurons cannot induce backward locomotion. Left, example of backward locomotion in MDN3-GAL4 driving UAS-ChR2-XXM in decapitated flies. Right, example of lack of backward locomotion in GH146II-GAL4 driving UAS-ChR2-XXM in decapitated flies. Note the oscillatory movement of the forelegs.

**Video 2.6:** Blocking expression in VNC neurons does not impair optogenetically-induced backward locomotion. Left, example of the efficiency of tsh-GAL80 to block VNC expression in decapitated flies carrying GH146II-GAL4, UAS-CsChrimson and tsh-GAL80. No foreleg movement is observed following optogenetic activation. Right, example of backward locomotion in NP5288-GAL4 driving UAS-CsChrimson in intact flies when expression in VNC was blocked using tsh-GAL80.

**Video 2.7:** Confocal stack of the GH146II-GAL4 SPARC mosaic fly used for MooSEZ three-dimensional light microscope reconstruction. Translational movie running through the entire central brain from the posterior to the anterior aspect (left) or from the anterior to the posterior aspect (right) of a fly in which the left MooSEZ was sparsely targeted to express CsChrimson::tdTomato using the SPARC method. To generate the movies, each confocal section (1 μm) of the original stacks (144 slices) was converted into a video frame.

**Video 2.8:** Blocking expression in VNC neurons enhances backward locomotion in NP5288-GAL4 flies. Left, example of backward locomotion in NP5288-GAL4 driving UAS-CsChrimson. Note the strong oscillatory foreleg movement. Right, example of backward locomotion in NP5288-GAL4 with subtracted GH146-QF driving UAS-CsChrimson. Note the absence of oscillatory foreleg movement and increase in backward locomotion.

**Video 2.9:** Unilateral activation of MooSEZs triggers ipsilateral backward rotation. Left, example of backward turning in GH146II-GAL4 SPARC mosaic fly expressing CsChrimson in the right MooSEZ. Right, example of backward turning in GH146II-GAL4 SPARC mosaic fly expressing CsChrimson in the left MooSEZ.


**Chapter 3:**

**Video 3.1:** Backward crawling following optogenetic activation of the neurons covered by NP225-GAL4. Example of backward locomotion following a 10-s blue light (470 nm) pulse in larvae expressing ChR2-XXM under the control of NP225-GAL4.

**Video 3.2:** AMB split GAL4 driver does not induce backward walking in adult flies. Left, Example of the lack of backward walking observed for flies expressing CsChrimson under the control of the AMB split GAL4 driver (R11R07-p65.AD&R60F09-GAL4.DBD) following a 2-s red light (617 nm) stimulation. Right, example of backward walking following a 2-s red light (617nm) pulse in flies expressing CsChrimson under the control of the GAL4 parental driver R60F09-GAL4.  

**Video 3.3:** R60F09-GAL4 driver elicits MDN-dependent and -independent backward locomotion as observed for GH146II-GAL4. Left, example of residual backward locomotion generated by activation of R60F09-GAL4 with UAS-CsChrimson while VT44845-LexA (MDN-LexA) driving LexAop-TNT was used to silence MDNs. Right, example of residual backward locomotion generated by activation of GH146II-GAL4 with UAS-CsChrimson while VT44845-LexA (MDN-LexA) driving LexAop-TNT was used to silence MDNs. 

**Video 3.4:** MooSEZ rotational componenet is added to the motor response following metamorphosis. Left, example of straight backward locomotion of GH146II-GAL4 SPARC mosaic larva expressing CsChrimson in the right MooSEZ following a 2-s red light stimulation. Right, example of ipsilateral backward rotation of GH146II-GAL4 SPARC mosaic fly developed from the larva presented on the left expressing CsChrimson in the right MooSEZ following a 2-s red light (617 nm) stimulation.

**Video 3.5:** MooSEZ split GAL4 driver lines trigger robust backward locomotion in larvae and adults. Left, example of larval backward crawling following optogenetic activation of MooSEZ split GAL4 driver line VT032768-p65.AD&R60F09-GAL4.DBD using a red light (617 nm) pulse. Right, example of backward walking of adult fly following optogenetic activation of MooSEZ split GAL4 driver line VT032768-p65.AD&R60F09-GAL4.DBD using a red light (617 nm) pulse. 





